📐 Prometheus metrics (#1195)
sequinstream/sequin: docs/reference/metrics.mdx

- Are sinks keeping up with Sequin? (Delivery metrics)
- Is the Sequin service experiencing CPU or memory pressure? (VM metrics)

## Metrics reference

### Ingestion metrics
- `sequin_ingestion_latency_ms` (Gauge)
  Measures latency between transaction commit and Sequin replication slot ingestion.
  Calculated by instrumenting Sequin's own heartbeat messages.
- `sequin_messages_ingested_total` (Counter)
  Number of messages Sequin has received on a given replication slot.

### Delivery metrics
- `sequin_delivery_latency_ms` (Histogram)
  Measures latency between Sequin and a given consumer's successful acknowledgement.
  Some consumers are able to batch messages, in which case this metric measures
  the batch latency, rather than the per-message latency.
- `sequin_message_deliver_attempt` (Counter)
  Incremented for each message Sequin tries to deliver, before receiving a success or failure response.
- `sequin_message_deliver_success` (Counter)
  Incremented for each message delivered and acknowledged.
- `sequin_message_deliver_failure` (Counter)
  Incremented for each message which was delivered but failed downstream.

### VM metrics

> The BEAM VM exposes a many metrics - the following are the ones we find most useful for monitoring Sequin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sequin is implemented with Elixir. Elixir's VM (the BEAM) exposes many metrics. The following are the ones we find most useful for monitoring Sequin:
```

- `erlang_vm_statistics_reductions_total` (Counter)
  Measures how many VM instructions are executed across all processes.
  Shows intensity of CPU-bound work.

>   Recommend using with a rate query rather than directly.

Reviewer: one line
